---
title: "Feedback"
date: 2024-06-11
---

After some hesitation, and I send out what I have: one to an advisor who has
been helping me hone in on my idea, and the other to an employee at a company
that may become my first customer. I have been spending my first month trying a
 number of things, but it feels like nothing cohesive has emerged. How will the
 results of some experiments and a description of what it is I plan to do--
 spelled out in a document and slide deck-- going to be received?

The first month has made me feel like a beginner in so many aspects, learning a
new problem domain, understanding what that problem might be, being overwhelmed
by the many sub-problems that might emerge, and trying to figure out what might
be important. And then the responses come in, and I start parallel
conversations with the advisor and the potential customer.

It's a good start. Are you free to chat later today? I'd like you to try
 fleshing this part out. Oh, you really don't know how this industry works, do
you? From what I've seen, businesses in this sector may also require you to
build out these other features? I don't think some of the things you're working
on are important right now, but some others are.

It's difficult to get make oneself vulnerable and get feedback on one's work. It
opens oneself up to all kinds of comments and anxiety about how others might
respond. However, when the responses came in, the conversations that resulted
from doing so made me realize that people were actually taking me seriously, and
with the feedback, I get a much clearer sense of what I will be doing for the 
next few months.
