---
title: "Week one"
date: 2024-05-09
---

We've just ordered coffee at a cafe in Carmel and are looking for a place to sit. That's
when I receive an alert on my phone and notice a bunch of unread mail from my inbox.
In my inbox there's an email from my new
health insurance plan, one from my stock broker letting me know that there's been a change
in my stock plan, and a couple from services I use informing me that I no longer have
Google perks. It's my first day as a [Xoogler](https://xoogler.co/), and I've been cut off.

We end up sitting next to someone who helps small businesses, and after informing them of
my current status, I get a lesson on protecting myself, my intellectual property, following
compliance rules, and all the mistakes new ventures make when they first get started. I am
on my own.

Notifications on my inbox continue throughout the day but are mostly from recruiters.
On the car ride back from Carmel, I let Aarti know that I'm feeling a little overwhelmed.
She brings up the fact that it's only my first day, and I can figure things out on my own
schedule. My goal for the first week-- no, the first month-- should be to have fun.

And so I keep that in mind as I proceed through the week. It stays with me as 
I read a few papers from 2008 that I had nearly forgotten about,
run a number of machine learning experiments and document my learnings, trace down a bug
 to an issue with
[ARPACK, which was written in FORTRAN 77](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARPACK),
learn the ins and outs of structuring a Delaware C Corp and the tax implications,
 discover a few additional nuances of the use case I am exploring
from the end user, come up with an initial plan to get to a minimum viable product (MVP)
or early prototype, create my
[first GitHub pull request](https://github.com/BladeTransformerLLC/gauzilla/pull/4) for
feedback, check out a product demo of the new Apple Vision Pro glasses,
 discover a cafe near the Presidio,
get a haircut, start drafting a new short fiction piece, start reading a new novel,
receive compliments on my progress in kickboxing, discuss the prospect of coaching
a new improv troupe, and ignore over 100 recruiter emails.

Having fun... check.
